now I can't stay but a minute but here's
a welcome home pie for you oh thank you
when kids oh they're out in the backyard
with Bob I know he's gonna break his
neck how are they doing huh
they're much better another we're back
at home next
oh ho P I think I'm getting too old for
this stuff oh please daddy please yeah
come on dad okay get up
now don't let go whatever you do huh
I'll hold on here we go here what the
dog
okay guys turkeys on the table Shh
oh no honey no that bark it is him Jamie
yes yes Jamie
I thought I'd never see you again you're
never gonna let you go never never
Oh Oh sweetheart that's a can't break
families all coming back together huh
one shuttle
it's called it was too far it was just
too old not home
Peter shadow Oh Peter
I'm worried about you so
you're okay he's here for our so
happiness about you all the time
miss you I missed you kinder and I love
you
there was shadows victory really his
belief was the thing that got us through
and in that moment I saw the years live
from hell oh he was a puppy again
reunited with his best friend
shadow good to see you boy as we turn to
go inside the house a strange new
feeling came over me I had a family but
I had found out that sacrifice and
friendship and even love we're more than
just the mushy stuff at last for the
first time in my life I was home
turkey Turkey turkey Turkey turkey
Turkey